What is Polymorphism?
    Polymorphism is a OOPs concept where one name can have many forms.For example, you have a smartphone for communication.
The communication mode you choose could be anything.It can be a call, a text message, a picture message, mail, etc.
So, the goal is common that is communication, but their approach is different. This is called Polymorphism.


When one task is performed by different ways i.e. known as polymorphism. For example: to convince the customer differently, to draw something e.g. shape or rectangle etc.

        In java, we use method overloading and method overriding to achieve polymorphism.

        Another example can be to speak something e.g. cat speaks meaw, dog barks woof etc.
        
Method Overloading:
            If a class has multiple methods having same name but different in parameters, it is known as Method Overloading.
If we have to perform only one operation, having same name of the methods increases the readability of the program.
Suppose you have to perform addition of the given numbers but there can be any number of arguments, if you write the method such as a(int,int) for two parameters, and b(int,int,int) for three parameters then it may be difficult for you as well as other programmers to understand the behavior of the method because its name differs.

Advantage of method overloading:
        Method overloading increases the readability of the program.

Different ways to overload the method:
    There are two ways to overload the method in java
        By changing number of arguments
        By changing the data type

Method Overriding:
        Understanding problem without method overriding
        Can we override the static method
        If subclass (child class) has the same method as declared in the parent class, it is known as method overriding in java.
                In other words, If subclass provides the specific implementation of the method that has been provided by one of its parent class, it is known as method overriding.


Usage of Java Method Overriding:
        Method overriding is used to provide specific implementation of a method that is already provided by its super class.
        Method overriding is used for runtime polymorphism
        
        
Rules for Java Method Overriding:
        method must have same name as in the parent class
        method must have same parameter as in the parent class.
        must be IS-A relationship (inheritance).
